gh-92120: The docstring of enum.Enum is invalid in reST (#92122)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-05-06-01-53-34.gh-issue-92122.96Lf2p.rst

> Fix grammatical error of the doctring of enum.Enum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix reStructuredText syntax errors in docstrings in the :mod:`enum` module.
```

Author: Thanks. Updated!
